Steps to get the game running on EGB268-7 machine:
1) Turn on the 3 boards (2 are the ships and one is the games master)
2) Start up quartus 9.1
3) In the C: drive there is a directory called REDHAWK
4) Load the project (from C:) for the ship prototype -OR- load your own ship prototype project
5) Program 2 of the DE2 boards with ships making sure one is designated as player 1 and one as player 2
	a) In the original ship prototype, switch 16 controls which player you are.  Player 1 is switch low and should be hooked to ethernet switch 1.
	b) Reset with key0 and verify that the LEDG7 lights up and the ethernet hub port lights up indicating the hardware is ready to comunicate
6) Switch the USB cable to program the games master
7) Load the GM_CONTROLLER quartus project and program the DE2
8) Turn all switches to low and reset the games master with key0.  Verify that the communication is working (same as before).
9) Start Altera->Programs->NIOS II IDE 9.1->NIOS II EClibse Build Tools 9.1
10) If asked about worksapce just load the current setting
11) If controller_sw and controller_sw_bsp are not in the project directory to the left then you will need to import them
	a) To import right click in the Project Explorer pane and "Import..."
	b) For the filter use General->Projects into workspace
	c) Go the path for the software directory in GM_CONTROLLER directory
	d) import and finish
12) Now that controller_sw appears in the Project Directory, right click on it, menu down to Run As, and select Nios II Hardware
	a) If a screen comes up there will be a little red x on target tab.
	b) click the target tab, click the refresh button, and click run
13) To switch screen inputs, hit the input button on the monitor
14) On the game master board turn switch 2 up then down.  The screen should now say "NEW GAME"
15) turn switch 0 up to run the game (Note this switch will need to go down once the game is finished).
16) The game is live.  On the ship prototypes you will need to flick switch 8 up then down to send the crystal array to the games master.  After 60 seconds you should see POWER for both ships.

17) At the end of the game to play another game, turn switch 0 down on the games master, turn switch 2 up then down for new game, and then turn switch 0 up again.
